END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN
OHSU AND LICENSEE

For the purposes of this Agreement, Oregon Health & Science University "OHSU"
shall mean Oregon Health & Science University and its affiliates, including but
not limited to the Howard Hughes Medical Institute or the Portland Veterans
Affairs Medical Center.

OHSU is the owner of certain inventions.  Such inventions include software,
demos, datasets, algorithms, data structures, audio files, video files, text
files, documentation and related materials, and shall be covered by the term
"Copyright Materials".

The Order Confirmation and Receipt describes the Licensee, Copyright Materials,
Patent Rights and Payment Terms and is incorporated into this agreement by
reference.

These Copyright Materials were created in the course of research at OHSU and
may be the subject of any patents and patent applications including all
continuations, divisional, reissues, extensions, substitute patent applications
reexaminations and any foreign counterparts to such patents and patent
applications ("Patent Rights"). OHSU has the sole right to file, prosecute and
maintain, determine whether or not, and where to file patent applications, to
abandon the prosecution of any patents or patent applications, and to
discontinue the maintenance of any patents or patent applications included in
the Patent Rights.

OHSU is making such Copyright Materials available as a service to the research
community.  OHSU desires such Copyright Materials to be utilized for the public
benefit to the fullest extent possible. As such, OHSU is willing to grant a
license of Copyright Materials to Licensee subject to the terms and conditions
set forth below ("Agreement").

1. Grant of License.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this license and
   any receipt of payment, OHSU grants to Licensee a non-exclusive,
   non-sublicensable, non-transferable license ("License") to use the Copyright
   Materials provided herein for internal, non-commercial research and
   development purposes ("Licensed Use"). OHSU is not obligated to provide
   upgrades or updates to the Copyright Materials or technical support.
   Licensee may make a single copy of the Copyright Materials for backup or
   archive purposes only. Licensee agrees to maintain appropriate records of
   the number and location of all copies of the Copyright Materials and make
   such records available upon OHSU's request. Licensee agrees to use any
   software at a single computer site. A separate license is required for each
   site at which any software will be used.

2. Ownership of Copyright Materials.  Licensee acknowledges that the Copyright
   Materials may have been developed under funding from the Government of the
   United States of America ("Government") and, if so, that the Government may
   have certain rights relative thereto. OHSU represents that it is the sole
   owner of all right, title and interest in and to Copyright Materials, and
   that it has the sole right to grant licenses to Copyright Materials, subject
   to the rights granted to the Government. This License gives the Licensee
   limited use of the Copyright Materials. This License is not a sale of the
   Copyright Materials and OHSU retains all title to all rights and interests
   in the Copyright Materials. The Copyright Materials are protected by laws of
   the United States of America, international treaty provisions and applicable
   laws of the country in which it is being used.

3. No Distribution.  Licensee agrees to not distribute the Copyright Materials
   to others without OHSU's written consent.  Licensee shall refer any request
   for the Copyright Materials to OHSU.  To the extent Copyright Materials are
   available, OHSU agrees to make the Copyright Materials available, under a
   separate agreement.

4. Use.  Licensee agrees to use the Copyright Materials in compliance with all
   applicable statutes and regulations.  The Copyright Materials are intended
   solely for the Licensed Use.

5. Non-permitted Uses.  Licensee agrees to not: a) use any software at any
   other location than the single computer site specified; b) rent, lease,
   lend, sell, transmit or otherwise distribute or dispose of the Copyright
   Materials temporarily or permanently without written consent of OHSU; c)
   alter, adapt, translate, decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to
   discover the source code, sequence, structure, organization or algorithms of
   any software; d) modify or create or permit third parties to modify or
   create derivative works based on the Copyright Materials, where derivative
   works means works based on the Copyright Materials where the Copyright
   Materials have been recast, transformed, adapted, or revised; e) remove,
   modify, alter or obscure the copyright notices or any other proprietary
   notices contained in or on the Copyright Materials; and f) incorporate the
   Copyright Materials or any part into any product for commercial sale or
   external use without the express permission of OHSU.

6. Acknowledgement.  Licensee agrees to acknowledge OHSU and OHSU Scientists as
   the source of the Copyright Materials in any publications reporting use of
   it.

7. Modifications.  Licensee may, from time to time, request that OHSU
   incorporate certain features, enhancements or modifications that OHSU may
   have made into the Copyright Materials. OHSU may, at its sole discretion,
   undertake to incorporate such changes and distribute the Copyright Materials
   so modified to all or any of OHSU's licensees. Licensee may modify the
   Copyright Materials for its own use, provided however that Licensee agrees
   to maintain records of such modifications and to supply OHSU with copies of
   any modifications and updates. Licensee agrees to provide OHSU with an
   irrevocable, royalty free, nonexclusive license to use, copy, prepare
   derivative works, distribute to others and to publicly display any
   modifications, including complete translations, made by Licensee to the
   Copyright Materials.  Such modifications shall be usable by OHSU and may be
   usable by the Government if developed under a Government funding
   agreement. OHSU is not liable for any modifications made by
   Licensee. Licensee does not have the right to commercial use of any
   derivative work incorporating the Copyright Materials. Commercial Use is
   defined as monetary gain from any form of exploitation. Should the Licensed
   Use result in the creation of an application which will be used by the
   company in the course of commercial activities Licensee agrees to take a
   license for Commercial Use.

8. Term and Termination.  This License shall commence on the date of delivery
   of the Copyright Materials to Licensee and shall terminate automatically
   upon breach of this License by Licensee. OHSU may terminate this Agreement
   if Licensee fails to pay any amount due under this Agreement within 10 days
   after Licensee receives written notice of that failure. Upon termination by
   either party, Licensee shall destroy all copies of the Copyright
   Materials. All provisions of this Agreement relating to disclaimers of
   warranties, limitation of liability, indemnity or ownership shall survive
   termination.

9. Authority.  OHSU represents and certifies that subject to the limitations
   otherwise described in this Agreement, OHSU is entitled and authorized to
   grant the rights specified in this Agreement.

10. Disclaimer of Warranties and Obligations.  OHSU does not warrant the
    validity of the Copyright Materials and any Patent Rights and makes no
    representations whatsoever (a) with regard to the scope, accuracy,
    completeness or usefulness of the Copyright Materials; (b) that the
    Copyright Materials can be exploited without infringing other patents or
    other intellectual property rights of third parties; or (c) that the
    Copyright Materials will accomplish any particular results or are safe or
    fit for any purpose. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, all
    information, materials, services, subject matter defined by the claims of
    the copyright, Patent Rights, intellectual property and other property or
    rights granted or provided by OHSU under this Agreement are on an AS IS
    basis, and OHSU makes no other warranties, expressed or implied, as to any
    matter, and OHSU expressly disclaims the warranties of merchantability,
    fitness for a particular purpose, exclusivity or results obtained from
    use.

11. Limitation of Liability.  In no event will OHSU be liable for any
    incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages resulting from the
    use of the Copyright Materials or Licensee's exercise of any other rights
    under this Agreement.  Unless prohibited by law, Licensee assumes all
    liability for claims for damages against it by third parties which may
    arise from the Licensee's use, storage, or disposal of the Copyright
    Materials except that, to the extent permitted by law, OHSU shall be liable
    to the Licensee when the damage is caused by the gross negligence or
    willful misconduct of OHSU.

12. Indemnification.  Licensee will indemnify, defend and hold harmless OHSU,
    its directors, trustees, officers, employees, students, fellows, agents,
    consultants, the sponsors of the research that led to the Copyright
    Materials and the inventors of the Copyright Materials from and against all
    claims, liability, demands, damages, costs, expenses (including attorney
    fees and costs) and losses, including for death, personal injury, illness
    and property damage, arising from or relating in any way to this Agreement
    or the Copyright Materials. To the extent necessary to indemnify and hold
    OHSU harmless from any claims by any employees of Licensee, and to the
    extent permitted by law, Licensee expressly waives any immunity or
    exemption from liability for the personal injury or death of its employees
    that may exist under, or any right to receive contribution from OHSU
    created by, the workers' compensation laws of the state where the injury
    occurs or the employee is located.

13. Enforcement Rights. If Licensee becomes aware of any actual or threatened
    infringement of the Copyright Materials, Licensee will promptly notify OHSU
    of each infringement or possible infringement, as well as any facts that
    may affect the validity, scope, or enforceability of the Patent Rights.
    OHSU has the sole right to take any action against possible infringement.

14. Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue.  This Agreement will be governed by
    and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon without
    reference to its choice of law provisions or the International Convention
    on the Sale of Goods. Any claim, action or suit between OHSU and Licensee
    that arises out of or relates to performance of this Agreement will be
    brought and conducted solely and exclusively within the Circuit Court for
    Multnomah County, Oregon, and Licensee consents to the jurisdiction of and
    venue in those courts. However, if any such claim, action or suit may be
    brought only in a federal forum, it will be brought and conducted solely
    and exclusively within the United States District Court of Oregon.

15. Notice.  Licensee agrees to provide all notices to: Attention: Director,
    Technology and Research Collaborations, Oregon Health & Science University,
    2525 SW First Avenue, Suite AD120, Portland, Oregon 97201-4753, Phone:
    503-494-8200, Fax: 503-494-4729, Email: techmgmt@ohsu.edu.

This License is a complete and exclusive statement of the terms and conditions
of the agreement between Licensee and OHSU.
