
Software License Agreement for the Controller module of OpenHRP
This Software License Agreement  (the  "Agreement")  is  a  legal  agreement
between you (the "Customer") and General Robotix, Inc. ("GRX")  on  the  use
of the Controller module of OpenHRP software (the "Software")  on  computers
and humanoid robots (collectively the "Hardware").


Section 1 (Definitions)

The "Software" means all (including copies) of  the  execution  program  and
software library pertaining to the Hardware,  the  manual  related  thereto,
and this Agreement. The copyright on the Software belongs to GRX.

The "Customer" means any person who uses the Software  on  the  Hardware  or
who has put all or part of the Software into  or  under  his,  her,  or  its
possession  or  control  by  downloading,  installing,  or  copying  it   as
mentioned above.

The "User" means any person who uses the Software  in  accordance  with  the
terms and conditions of this Agreement under  the  license  granted  to  the
Customer by GRX.

The  "License  Agreement  Period"  means  the  period  in  which  the  usage
restrictions on parts of the Software prescribed  in  an  attachment  hereto
may be lifted.


Section 2 (Formation, Effect, and Termination of the Agreement)

1.     The license under this Agreement (the "License")  shall  take  effect
   at the time when in accordance with  the  provisions  of  the  preceding
   section, the Customer starts using the Software or has put all  or  part
   of the Software into or under his, her, or its possession or control  by
   downloading, installing, or copying it. Using the Software herein  means
   executing the Software on the Hardware and using the manual, and copying
   herein means producing an identical copy  of  the  original  using  some
   medium.

2.     If the Customer decides not to  use  the  program  contained  in  the
   Software, the  Customer  may  terminate  the  License  by  deleting  and
   destroying  all  the  Software  (including  the   Software   downloaded,
   installed, or copied) in  or  under  his,  her,  or  its  possession  or
   control.

3.     Except in  the  License  Agreement  Period,  GRX  may  terminate  the
   License without notifying the Customer or obtaining the prior consent of
   the Customer. However, this provision does not preclude the  termination
   of the License under Paragraph 2 of this  section.  In  this  case,  the
   Customer shall, in accordance with Paragraph 4 of this  section,  delete
   and destroy all the Software (which means the same as in Paragraph 2  of
   this section) in or under his, her, or its possession or control.

4.     If the Customer violates any of the provisions of  the  License,  the
   License shall terminate, and the Customer shall delete and  destroy  the
   Software (which means the same as in Paragraph 2 of this section) in  or
   under his, her, or its possession or control together with any  and  all
   products resulting from the violation.

5.     The Customer may not, for whatever reason,  demand  any  compensation
   or other payments whatsoever from GRX for  or  in  connection  with  the
   termination of this Software.


Section 3 (Licensing Provision)

The Customer may use the program contained in the Software.


Section 4 (Prohibitions)

1.     The Customer may not disassemble or  otherwise  reverse-engineer  the
   program contained in the Software (which means analyzing the program and
   converting it into human-readable form). However, this  provision  shall
   not apply to cases  in  which  such  reverse  engineering  is  expressly
   permitted by applicable law.

2.     The Customer  may  copy  the  Software  and  distribute  such  copies
   exclusively to ONE laboratory  to which the Customer belongs,  providing
   Customer  honors  the  obligations  required  of  a   User   and   takes
   nondiscriminatory measures to assure them, use the Software  exclusively
   on Hardware for which Orbix/E for OpenHRP for  educational  or  academic
   research purposes has been acquired; provided that when the Software  is
   copied, the copyright notice and other legal notices  attached  to  this
   Agreement shall be copied at the same time.


Section 5 (Disclaimer)

1.      GRX  does  not  guarantee  the  performance  of  the  Software,  its
   suitability for any purposes of use, or the accuracy or  reliability  of
   the results of its use, and does not provide  warranty  of  any  content
   whatsoever.

2.     GRX does not assume the  obligation  to  provide  the  Customer  with
   technical  services,  including  technical  support,   maintenance,   or
   functional improvement for the Software, outside the  License  Agreement
   Period.

3.     GRX may, without obtaining the prior consent of the Customer,  change
   or modify the specifications or contents of the Software and change  the
   method of distribution.

4.     GRX does not assume any liability for damage that  may  be  suffered,
   directly or indirectly, by the Customer or a third party  in  connection
   with the Software, and the Customer shall not make any demand on GRX.

5.     The provisions of the preceding and the present  section  shall  also
   apply to any information on the Software provided directly or indirectly
   by GRX for the Customer.


Section 6 (Confidentiality)

1.      The  Customer  shall  keep  confidential  such  information  on  the
   Software and such parts of this Agreement as  are  not  publicly  known,
   such as the physical parameters of the Hardware, and shall not,  without
   the prior written consent of GRX, disclose or leak the same to  a  third
   party.


Section 7 (Miscellaneous)

1.     This Agreement shall be  governed  by  Japanese  laws  and  shall  be
   interpreted or construed in  accordance  with  Japanese  laws.  For  any
   disputes arising out  of  or  relating  to  this  Agreement,  the  Tokyo
   District Court shall be the  court  of  first  instance  with  exclusive
   jurisdiction.

2.     The Customer shall strictly comply  with  the  Foreign  Exchange  and
   Foreign Trade Law and other applicable export-  or  import-related  laws
   and regulations of Japan and with regulations based on the laws  of  the
   United States and other foreign countries, and shall obtain all  permits
   and licenses required under such regulations.

3.     Paragraphs 4 and 5 of Section 2, Paragraph 2 of  Section  4,  Section
   5, Section 6, and  Section  7  shall  survive  the  termination  of  the
   License.
